  Step 1: Get the code - Download the repository  

  Extract it in www(or htdocs if you using XAMPP) folder and put it for example in laravel5startersite folder. 
  
  
  Step 2: Use Composer to install dependencies  Laravel utilizes Composer to manage its dependencies.
	First, download a copy of the composer.phar.
	Once you have the PHAR archive, you can either keep it in your local project directory or move to usr/local/bin to use it globally on your system. On Windows, 
	you can use the Composer Windows installer.  Then run:  composer install  to install dependencies Laravel and other packages.  
	
  Step 3: Create database  If you finished first three steps, now you can create database on your database server(MySQL). 
	  You must create database with utf-8 collation(uft8_general_ci), to install and application work perfectly. 
	  After that, copy .env.example and rename it as .env and put connection and change default database connection name, only database connection, 
	  put name database, database username and password. 
	  
  Step 4: Install  Firstable need to uncomment this line "extension=php_fileinfo.dll" in php.ini file.  
	  This project makes use of Bower and Laravel Elixir. Before triggering Elixir, you must first ensure that Node.js (included in homestead) is installed on your machine.
	  
		 node -v  
	  
	  Install dependencies listed in package.json with: 
	  
		npm install  
	  
	  Retrieve frontend dependencies with Bower, compile SASS, and move frontend files into place: 
	  
		gulp
		
	  Now that you have the environment configured, you need to create a database configuration for it.
	  
	  For create database tables use this command: 
	  
		php artisan migrate  
	  
	  And to initial populate database use this: 
	  
		php artisan db:seed  
	
	  If you install on your localhost in folder laravel5startersite, you can type on web browser:  http://localhost/laravel5startersite/public 
	  
	  Step 5: Start Page  You can now login to admin part of Laravel Framework 5 Bootstrap 3 Starter Site: 
	  
		username: admin@admin.com password: admin  
		
		OR user  username: user@user.com password: user  
		
		Troubleshooting RuntimeException : No supported encrypter found. 
		
		The cipher and / or key length are invalid. 
			
			php artisan key:generate  
			
		Site loading very slow  
		
		composer dump-autoload --optimize  OR  php artisan dump-autoload  
		
		License  This is free software distributed under the terms of the MIT license  Additional information  

                Inspired by and based on andrew13's Laravel-4-Bootstrap-Starter-Site